README.md, before:

# Clippy - Modern Clipboard Manager for macOS

<img src="screenshots/1.png" width="400" alt="Clippy Screenshot">

Clippy is a lightweight, elegant clipboard manager for macOS that helps you manage your clipboard history with style. Access your clipboard history instantly with a custom keyboard shortcut and enjoy a beautiful, frosted-glass interface inspired by macOS design.

## Features

- 🔍 **Instant Access**: Summon Clippy with a customizable keyboard shortcut (default: ⌘+⇧+V)
- 📋 **Rich History**: Store text, URLs, code snippets, and images from your clipboard
- 📌 **Pin Important Items**: Keep frequently used items readily available
- 🔎 **Quick Search**: Easily find items in your clipboard history
- 🏷️ **Category Filtering**: Filter clipboard items by type (text, code, URL, image)
- 💻 **Native Experience**: Designed to feel like a native macOS app with beautiful frosted glass UI
- 🌙 **Dark Mode Support**: Seamlessly adapts to your macOS appearance
- 📝 **Clean Interface**: Streamlined text-only options menu for clipboard items
- ⚡ **Efficient**: Minimal CPU and memory footprint
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: Your clipboard data never leaves your device
- 🔄 **Data Management**: Import/export your clipboard history

## Screenshots

### Basic View
<img src="screenshots/1.png" width="300" alt="Basic View">

### Rich Content Support
<img src="screenshots/2.png" width="300" alt="Rich Content">

### Category Filtering
<img src="screenshots/3.png" width="300" alt="Category Filtering">

### Text-Only Options Menu
<img src="screenshots/6.png" width="300" alt="Text-Only Options Menu">

### Empty State
<img src="screenshots/4.png" width="300" alt="Empty State">

### Settings Panel
<img src="screenshots/5.png" width="350" alt="Settings">

## Requirements

- macOS 11.0 (Big Sur) or later

## Installation

**Note: After creating your first release, the download link below will be active.**

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](../../releases/latest) of this repository
2. Drag Clippy to your Applications folder
3. Launch Clippy and grant necessary permissions

## Building from Source

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/[YOUR_USERNAME]/Clippy.git`
2. Open `Clippy.xcodeproj` in Xcode
3. Build and run the project (⌘+R)

## Usage

- Press the default shortcut (⌘+⇧+V) to access your clipboard history
- Click on any item to copy it and paste to the frontmost application
- Use the search bar to filter items
- Filter items by category (text, code, URL, image)
- Right-click on items to access the clean, text-only options menu
- Pin important items to keep them accessible
- Manage your clipboard data through the Settings panel

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Version History

For a complete list of changes and features added in each version, please see the [CHANGELOG](docs/CHANGELOG.md).

Commit message:

Update documentation for v1.5.0 with new features

README.md, after:

# Clippy - Modern Clipboard Manager for macOS

<img src="screenshots/1.png" width="400" alt="Clippy Screenshot">

Clippy is a lightweight, elegant clipboard manager for macOS that helps you manage your clipboard history with style. Access your clipboard history instantly with a custom keyboard shortcut and enjoy a beautiful, frosted-glass interface inspired by macOS design.

## Features

- 🔍 **Instant Access**: Summon Clippy with a customizable keyboard shortcut (default: ⌘+⇧+V)
- 📋 **Rich History**: Store text, URLs, code snippets, and images from your clipboard
- 📌 **Pin Important Items**: Keep frequently used items readily available
- 🔎 **Quick Search**: Easily find items in your clipboard history
- 🏷️ **Category Filtering**: Filter clipboard items by type (text, code, URL, image)
- 💻 **Native Experience**: Designed to feel like a native macOS app with beautiful frosted glass UI
- 🌙 **Dark Mode Support**: Seamlessly adapts to your macOS appearance
- 📝 **Clean Interface**: Streamlined text-only options menu for clipboard items
- ⚡ **Efficient**: Minimal CPU and memory footprint
- 🔒 **Privacy-focused**: Your clipboard data never leaves your device
- 🔄 **Data Management**: Import/export your clipboard history
- 💎 **VisionOS-inspired Design**: Modern aesthetics with glass-like effects and subtle animations
- 🖼️ **Enhanced Image Handling**: Save images with standard macOS save dialog
- 📱 **Source App Tracking**: See which application your clipboard content came from

## Screenshots

### Basic View
<img src="screenshots/1.png" width="300" alt="Basic View">

### Rich Content Support
<img src="screenshots/2.png" width="300" alt="Rich Content">

### Category Filtering
<img src="screenshots/3.png" width="300" alt="Category Filtering">

### Text-Only Options Menu
<img src="screenshots/6.png" width="300" alt="Text-Only Options Menu">

### Empty State
<img src="screenshots/4.png" width="300" alt="Empty State">

### Settings Panel
<img src="screenshots/5.png" width="350" alt="Settings">

## Requirements

- macOS 11.0 (Big Sur) or later

## Installation

**Note: After creating your first release, the download link below will be active.**

1. Download the latest release from the [Releases page](../../releases/latest) of this repository
2. Drag Clippy to your Applications folder
3. Launch Clippy and grant necessary permissions

## Building from Source

1. Clone the repository: `git clone https://github.com/[YOUR_USERNAME]/Clippy.git`
2. Open `Clippy.xcodeproj` in Xcode
3. Build and run the project (⌘+R)

## Usage

- Press the default shortcut (⌘+⇧+V) to access your clipboard history
- Click on any item to copy it and paste to the frontmost application
- Use the search bar to filter items
- Filter items by category (text, code, URL, image)
- Right-click on items to access the clean, text-only options menu
- Pin important items to keep them accessible
- Manage your clipboard data through the Settings panel
- Save images directly with a standard save dialog
- See which application content was copied from with source app labels

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! Please feel free to submit a Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.

## Version History

For a complete list of changes and features added in each version, please see the [CHANGELOG](docs/CHANGELOG.md).
